Allow build to standalone branches (#76)
inpsyde/reusable-workflows: docs/build-and-push-assets.md

1. installs dependencies defined in `package.json`
2. builds the package's assets via a build script (see below)
3. pushes built assets back to the repository (to the same branch or a defined branch)

## Where are assets stored

Two inputs can be used to define branches as assets storage - `BUILT_BRANCH_SUFFIX` and `RELEASE_BRANCH_NAME`.

> `BUILT_BRANCH_SUFFIX` is used only for push to branch events. If defined, compiled assets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`BUILT_BRANCH_SUFFIX` is used only for push-to-branch events. If defined, compiled assets
```

| `PACKAGE_MANAGER`     | `yarn`                        | Package manager with which the dependencies should be installed (`npm` or `yarn`)                                               |
| `WORKING_DIRECTORY`   | `'./'`                        | Working directory path                                                                                                          |
| `COMPILE_SCRIPT_PROD` | `'build'`                     | Script added to `npm run` or `yarn` to build production assets                                                                  |
| `COMPILE_SCRIPT_DEV`  | `'build:dev'`                 | Script added to `npm run` or `yarn` to build development assets                                                                 |
| `MODE`                | `''`                          | Mode for compiling assets (`prod` or `dev`)                                                                                     |
| `ASSETS_TARGET_PATHS` | `'./assets'`                  | Target path(s) for compiled assets                                                                                              |

> | `BUILT_BRANCH_SUFFIX` | `''`                          | Suffix to calculate target branch for pushing assets on `branch` event                                                          |

Reviewer: Please fix the Markdown table syntax after incorporating the changes.
```suggestion
| `BUILT_BRANCH_SUFFIX` | `''`                          | Suffix to calculate the target branch for pushing assets on the `branch` event                                                          |
```

> | `RELEASE_BRANCH_NAME` | `''`                          | Target branch for pushing compiled assets on `tag` event                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `RELEASE_BRANCH_NAME` | `''`                          | Target branch for pushing compiled assets on the `tag` event                                                                        |
```

Please note that in such cases it is a good practice not to use a "personal" GitHub user, but an 
_ad-hoc_ "bot" user with an _ad-hoc_ private SSH key used only for the scope.

---

> > What version should I use for Composer?
> 
> For tags the pushed tags name are always used.
> 
> For branches, it depends on `BUILT_BRANCH_SUFFIX` input value. If the input is not provided
> you can use branch name (i.e. `dev-main` for `main` branch) as usually. If suffix was defined
> the built branch should be used. I.e. for `BUILT_BRANCH_SUFFIX` equals `-built` and branch `main`
> the `dev-main-built` branch should be used as the package version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> What version should I use when requiring the package with Composer?

For tags, the pushed tag name is always used.

For branches, it depends on the `BUILT_BRANCH_SUFFIX` input value. If the input is not provided,
you can use the branch name (i.e., `dev-main` for the `main` branch) as usual. If a suffix was defined,
the built branch should be used. I.e., when `BUILT_BRANCH_SUFFIX` is `-built` and branch `main`,
the `dev-main-built` branch should be used as the package version.
```
